Medic (Start):
"Hey, I found you pretty banged up back there.
I've done my best to bandage you up, but...
The world above has pretty much fallen apart.
You're going to have to survive down here.
You'll have to be careful though, there are a lot
of sketchy people. But some will probably want
to try and help you out. To survive, there are
a lot of areas in this cave network that people
inhabited and stored supplies. If you can find
some stuff, you should be alright. The farther
you get through here, however, the more people
there seems to be. I'm going to join you, so let's
see how far we can get."

Medic (Level 2 Start):
"Alright, you're fully healed, and I think you
can survive on your own. I'm going to leave you
now. Good luck."

TipGuys:
"Medics are the guys with white shirts with red
crosses on them. They can heal you every now and then!"
"Warriors have armor on. If you can befriend one,
he will help you during fights!"
"Scavengers can rob people and find hidden supply
caches. They're sometimes the most helfull, but
also sometimes the most devastating if they rob you
instead."
"Some chests are locked. Chances are, someone in the
area will have a key though."
"Anyone you meet can either be hostile, friendly, or
neutral. You can change a neutral or friendly persons
mind about you though, so be careful, especially if you
choose to rob a neutral person of their belongings."
"You can only have one extra person in your party at a
time."

General (Meet Friendly):
"Hey, need someone to help you out in your travels?"
"Hello friend. Need a partner?"
"Need a hand on your adventure?"

Medic (Meet Friendly):
"Need a healer with you?"
"Think you could use some extra health?"

Warrior (Meet Friendly):
"Need some muscle with you?"
"Need a hand with any future battles?"

Scavenger (Meet Friendly):
"Need some help finding stuff?"
"I can provide some services if you need them."

General (Meet Hostile:
"You're in the wrong neck of the woods, friend."
"Get out of here, before I make you."
"You're gonna be real sorry for coming here."
"Get that guy!"
"Kill him!"